© c-nergy.be – 2008-2018. All rights reserved.

This blog and its content are freely available to users but copyrights applies. The content is copyright of c-nergy.be. This means that you cannot duplicate or use this material without our written permission or without following the principle of fair use.

We are trying to provide original contents through our blog and we hope that you will use the information provided in a fair manner.

This means that if you want to use or mention one of our posts or article into your blog (you are authorized to use links or excerpts from our blog), you should always mention, in a clear and visible way, the source of the article and specify the website as the source of the material.

You cannot republish or reprint full contents of one of our articles or posts without our agreements.

Contact us for any requests related to Republishing and reprinting.  We might charge you small fee for republishing or reprinting requests if the request is for commercial purposes.

You may print, download and use the content for your personal and non-commercial use only. You may copy the content to individual 3rd parties for their personal use, but only if you specify the website as the source of the material and a link to the original article in a clear and visible way.

This implies also that you should not link the images/screenshots available on this web site to your web site. Your are stealing bandwidth traffic by doing this.  Create your own screenshots/images/pictures and upload them on your web site.

Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.


DISCLAIMER

All data and information provided on this site is for informational purposes only.  Use this information at your own risk. We will not be liable for any errors,omissions,problems,damages…arising from using this information.  All information here is provided AS-IS.

We might includes links to other web sites. These links are used to provide further information on a topic and are there for your convenience.  This does not means that we endorse the website(s). We cannot always checks all the links. These links are also provided AS-IS and we have no responsibility on the content of the linked website.

We are also using pictures and images within our blog. We trying to use royalty free images as much as possible.  If we are using a copyright image or picture, please contact us and we will remove the copyright material if request by the owner or obtain authorization to use the image or mentioning the source of the image/picture used in our blog.
